# TB-Transcripts
Here is the transcript from the livestream that was taken down. 

[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's
go
[Music]
time Tick Tick
boom noise go baby we bringing our
toys boys CH should be on The Voice bang
bang we going to ride out gang gang we
don't die out one it like this ain't no
timeouts tell me who really going find
out
we get
R we get r webing a peace working we
sering the streets about to go going be
bang bang leave sck tick hard body body
you're not scaring nobody you make me
result to Wild you must be blind by the
diamond want it to be this way but yall
won't need to try this so it's no way
around it you the loudest
it's
we we
get we be disturbing a pece working we
serving the streets about to go going
Beast bang bang
sleep it's go go go go go
time tick TI di boom you can't stop me
so who going to stop me you can't stop
me so who going stop me you can't stop
it so who going stop it you can't stop
it so who go stop it we be dist serving
a peace working we serving the streets
about to go going Beast bang bang Le
sleep wo it's go go go go go go
time Tick Tick boom hard body body and
not scaring nobody you make me result to
Wilding you must be blind by the diamond
want it to be this way but yall won't
need to try this so it's no way around
it you the loudest one is Going
Quiet Tick Tick
boom boom what's up Turtle people what's
going on out there hold on what the hell
is this thing there something oh this
this is probably way there we go much
better how's everyone doing tonight good
good excellent welcome to Turtle Club
ladies and gentlemen normally this is a
uh a premium stream thing uh you but uh
today I wanted to get something out
there that's kind of important I wanted
to talk about it so what we're doing is
available to everyone if you watch it
live tomorrow and the replay is just
going to be for Turtle Club people so if
you're not in Turtle Club and you're
watching it live right now good job you
figured it out but uh if you'd like to
watch it we do an extra extra stream
every Thursday night normally uh so you
can join Turtle Club it's I don't even
know where you it's right on the website
you can join it's quick it easy actually
it's in the bio below too I'm gonna put
up the turtle chat too just in case
anyone wants to hit up the turtle chat
um for you know whatever let me see let
me post it right there in the
comments there we go tur oh only
subscribers not a
subscriber Oh
weird if anyone want if one of the mods
can post the turtle chat on there and
then pin it to the top that'd be cool
apparently I'm not a subscriber to my
own channel that's news to me but maybe
I'll I'll post that in a few minutes
anyway the turtle chat it's in the bio
below you can uh donate that way if
you'd like and if you do you get to do a
message and I'll read your message out
loud to the class uh and quite frankly
you know um it's going to go to good use
because we have an uphill battle here I
think that's was something that became
very evident today when we got the
ruling back from Judge crop about the
stay away orders uh so we need to talk
about that we also need to talk about
the federal lawsuit that was filed
against the can police department which
could be fantastic so uh if anybody out
there who who's the mods out there we
got I see devb is out there
there uh can if Deb if you can post the
it in if you can post it in the chat and
then just pin it to the top that would
be great also my cash app is dollar sign
Uncle turtle boy if you want to do it
that way I will get an notification
every time I get a cash app and I will
read it out loud to the class Etc uh I
think we did get a a turtle chat before
did we get one before could have sworn
we got one before or maybe not maybe you
don't imagine anything oh we did get one
before uh this was from earlier in the
day this was from Bobby sends 10 bucks
and said so proud of the Brave Turtle
Riders who didn't capitulate to the
demands of Canton Police filing a
lawsuit against the Town Police Chief
and officers involved sends a clear
message that you won't cower and are
willing to defend the Constitution bless
you and also thank God for attorney Mark
randazza uh who saw it in immediately
said this can't stand we need to do
something about that and he went out and
did it so thank you very much to to
attorney randazza a true patriot also
cash app from Sean send $100 about an
hour ago he says enjoy your weekend for
the legal fund and let me tell you we
could probably use it because we have a
fight against us so if you guys didn't
see the news already the headlines from
like WCVB is like turtle boy uh you know
Eden Carney lost he lost his they like
they love this act like they love to
just you would think there would be some
sort of solidarity with the media
considering you know if this could
happen to me it could happen to anyone
uh but maybe it can't because they don't
report the news like for instance today
I reported a story today about Colin
Albert uh being seen in Courtney
Proctor's wedding video like remember
remember we're gonna talk about this on
on Saturday on the live show but
remember da morrisy
said that Michael Proctor
doesn't know any of the parties involved
in the investigation he has no personal
relationship with them whatsoever yet
here he is on video sitting at a table
at his sister's wedding with Chris
Albert Colin Albert Julie Albert Jill
Daniels who isn't really a party to
anything except wrinkles I guess but uh
they yeah so they they're here they are
with all these uh people and it just
proves that the district attorney is a
flaming fire and that should be a really
big story like that should be a really
big story with the media and just
nobody's interested just nobody besides
turtle boy is interested in the fact
that the district attorney Flatout
lied on August 25th when he stated that
nobody knows that these people don't
know each other that the that the lead
detective Michael Proctor has no
personal relationship with any of the
Alberts mccabes whoever and it's just a
lie and you would think that's a big
deal because this you know of the Shady
operation in which this is run even if
you don't think the MACC Alberts did it
even if you're one of these idiots who
still believes believes nobody actually
believes it who says that Karen Reed did
it even if you're one of
them you have to admit that the way that
this investigation was run is completely
not by the book and extremely Shady
there's a plethora of things
and that just doesn't bother the media
they're just like yeah whatever what
else is going on the news oh turtle boy
got his thing denied let's talk about
that let's put out a a headline that
says turtle boy
got denied uh the motion to vacate the
stay away order it's not entirely what
happened though I predicted this would
happen that it would be like a split of
5050 thing um I did not expect that
judge crup would have such a basic lack
of understanding of the first amend and
completely ignore all of the arguments
that we made in our supplemental report
but it also opens the door up for an
appeal uh because he is not the highest
Authority there are courts above him and
the Constitution and the first amendment
is higher than the Massachusetts witness
intimidation statute which is the real
problem here so uh we're let's start off
by pulling up the statute shall we or
pulling up not the statute the uh the
ruling the entire thing and by the way
it's a 20 two-page
document they only they they had three
missing pages at the end three missing
pages where did they go like we had to
call the court to get and there was the
three pages that were kind of like most
favorable to us so we'll see okay so
let's go ahead and read part of this
uh so memorandum okay I largely disagree
after two hearings and after careful
review of the party's numerous filings
including I I largely disagree for the
following reasons so he says that he
argues the defendant argues that he is a
member of the media the stay away
contact no contact order is vague it is
over Brad that's literally what the
judge said on purpose it's over Brad on
purpose he said and cannot apply to him
without running a foul of the First
Amendment and that the statutes under
which he is charged do not put him on
fear notice of what constitutes Criminal
Behavior so let's see why he disagrees
defendant is a local blogger of course
they have to put that out there an
activist who operates a number of
websites I actually operate one website
but okay and social media accounts under
the name Turtle Boy defendant refers to
his followers as Turtle Riders defendant
has taken a shine to a case pending in
court intitled Commonwealth versus Karen
Reed in the Reed case he faces murder
charges or she faces murder charges for
the January 2222 killing on Fairview
Road of John o'keef blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah state trooper
Michael Proctor is the lead investigator
on the read case Proctor is married to
Elizabeth Proctor who otherwise has no
role in the read case except that's
untrue that's just untrue Elizabeth
Proctor went out of her way to try to
get people fired from their jobs because
they commented on line about the read
case because they commented specifically
negative things about her husband being
a corrupt piece of
[ __ ] yeah so besides that she has no
role in she's just some poor innocent
woman oh yes leave her alone Witnesses
in the read case include Matt and
Jennifer mcab who were with the re in
o'keef on the night that in o'keef on
the night that he died Brian Julie and
Colin Alpert good job judge it's not
like this is an official court document
or anything who owned the property at 34
Fair viiew Road uh actually Julie Chris
and Colin do not own the property at 34
Fairview Road they own no property
because Chris Alber is a deadbeat who
owes $65,000 in tax leans and has
multiple multiple Court judgments
against him most recently in August for
not paying a $900 credit card bill and
he's in charge of 145 million dollar
budget for the town of Canton so he owns
no
property
um let's see oh so this is the footnotes
down here on October 31st as permitted
by the Commonwealth filed by in its
reply blah blah blah blah blah Adder
just before the hearing on November 1st
defendant filed a supplemental
memorandum in support of a petition for
review of District Court bail
determination which raised new issues
and a supplemental Affidavit of Aiden
Carney not withstanding the EV late
supplemental filing the parties agreed
to proceed for the hearing
okay uh I received a thumb drive from
the Commonwealth which I have attached
to the Commonwealth's reply in
opposition and later received a portable
hard drive from defendant which I have
attached to the defendant's supplemental
affidavit after the hearing on November
1st and without prior Court approval I
also received from defendant a second s
uh supplemental memorandum in support of
petition for review of District Court
bail determination and a final
memorandum in support of petition for
the review of District Court bail
determination both of which seek to
explain away or contextualize defendants
words and actions I have reviewed and
considered all of these materials so we
submitted the
entire um the entire uh clips of
everything in their context like the
Colin Albert one we played where I'm
clearly mocking Colin Albert we actually
submitted Colin Albert's videos where he
threatens to kill the advantage
boys and it's obvious I was mocking him
for that duh but apparently they don't
teach that at whatever arate University
that judge crup went to school because
he's very smart he's a very smart guy he
wants to let you know when he's in the
courtroom that he's much smarter than
you he knows way more than you but
apparently he doesn't understand what
parody is he doesn't he doesn't get that
they didn't teach him that you know when
you finish at the top of your class in
law school they don't take a class on
that on you know YouTubers doing parody
so he must have missed that one but
anyway I
digress let's go back to
this read iny Okay blah blah blah blah
blah
okay to say the defendant has taken a
pro-defense position on the read case is
to understate the level of his
partisanship and
advocacy I have taken a pro truuth
position judge
crup when all of the
facts are on one side and the other side
has nothing to say and evidentiary
hearings are canceled the day before
because they don't want experts to
testify what other position is one to
take but I digress
anyway the Karen recase and Kon The
Killing that tore a town apart so
they're quoting Gretchen voss's story
which quotes the defendant as saying as
writing or saying Karen Reed is a
completely innocent woman wrongly
charged by corrupt cops who would see
her rot in prison in order to cover up a
murder of a fellow
officer so first of all that's just a
fact that's just an undeniable fact that
that is what is happening so he goes on
to say and I don't know what this has to
do with anything and about the deceased
family with the O'Keefe's enough of the
[ __ ] pity party for these [ __ ]
people the only good part about John
O'Keefe not being alive is that he
doesn't have to be around you useless
maggots for a second more [ __ ] you [ __ ]
your high horse burn in hell so that was
from crusty panties so she took a
montage of the most offensive things I
said about Peggy and Paulo Keefe and put
them on the thing so what does that have
to do with anything why on Earth is krup
putting that the keiths do not have an
order against me they are not a party to
this
matter why on Earth would he ever put
that quote in
there except to paint the picture that
that man over there is bad that man says
bad things he has a potty mouth and he
says outrageous things and he pushes
boundaries and we should be able to stop
we should be able to stop him from doing
that and even though the first amendment
allows him to do it I'm going to go out
of my way
to try to find a way to criminalize the
words that you just heard right there
because they're really mean those are
bad
words Peggy o'keef is a victim here her
son
died sure paulke Paul O'Keefe's a victim
too sure he's made over a million
dollars off of this sure he literally
got drunk and crashed into an elderly
man in Lakeville in the middle of the
day in the summer of 2020 and nearly K
the man and sure Karen Reed paid his
goddamn
bail and sure they have put in zero
effort whatsoever literally zero
effort to try to figure out what the
hell happened to their son but you have
to say good things about
them because they're because they have
Walmart buttons on and say justice for
JJ and if you say the things that I'm
saying you know pushing boundaries maybe
not say saying oh yeah I feel so bad for
you guys if you're not doing that if
you're not saying the things that you're
supposed to be saying then judge crup is
going to take the worst things you said
about them and put them in a motion that
is completely irrelevant to what you're
actually supposed to be discussing here
so that kind of set the fact that he
even included that quote in there you
knew where this was going oh turtle boy
bad turtle boy say bad things me no like
turtle boy say bad things turtle boy
mean turtle boy mean to Paulo ke Paulo
Keef victim Paulo Keef sad be nice to
Paulo Keef Paulo Keef make millions on
GoFundMe but you no say mean things to
Paulo Keefe Paulo Keef drive drunk not
okay Karen Reed Drive drunk bad Karen
Reed give me a
break
next as these quotes suggest defendant
Prides himself on not being a
conventional journalist according to
Boston magazine piece defendants claim
that the beauty of turtle boy is that I
can do things in an unconventional
manner that other journalists are
restricted from doing I love being the
center of attention and being theatrical
and Performing this is what I was made
to do so notice they put that quote in
there why do you think they put that
quote in that right because they're
trying to make it seem like this is all
I'm just full of [ __ ] I don't actually
believe any of this I'm just putting on
a show I'm just an [ __ ] I'm not
really a journalist I'm just an
Entertainer out here [ __ ] around like
that's the that's what they're going for
there
uh of course that was from a much larger
quote that gret and Voss got me uh when
she was over here in my dining room
complaining about her ex-husband
cheating on her and how she couldn't
afford to pay her rent and
conquered in my
house
TMI and she puts and by the way wait
till you see the emails that we got
between her and David
trout yeah anyway they put this in there
right to say uh I can do things in an
unconventional manner the other journ
the beauty of turtle boy is that I can
do things in an unconventional manner
that other journalists are restricted
from doing I don't have a team of
editors I don't have people telling me
no you can't say that that's the beauty
of what I do I can go out and ask tough
questions I am not controlled by
corporate Masters like gret and vosses
that's the beauty of doing what I do and
what she failed to point out was she
said that's so cool I wish I could do
that she taped the whole thing play the
whole tape Gretchen let's hear the whole
quote you won't do that I should have I
should have been I she she asked to
record the whole thing of course I'm
gonna say it because I want it on the
record I should my mistake next time I'm
recording too we're both going to record
and I'm going to play the whole thing in
context next time lesson
learned how about this I love being the
center of attention and being theatrical
in performing this is what I was made to
do you know what I said before that or
right in that context of that was I was
talking about this is what I've been
doing my whole life as a teacher as a
teacher I was the center of attention it
was my job to perform to 16y olds who
didn't give a [ __ ] about American
history and I had to find a way to make
it somewhat interesting to them and
relevant to them this is what I was born
to do take content and make it
interesting right take facts and bring
them to life that's what I do if you'd
prefer something different you can go
and watch
NPR but over here on turtle boy we make
the news interesting so there's that I
don't I don't I don't have any corporate
Masters unlike all these
frauds in pursuit of his performative
journalism and personal brand defendant
has berated Witnesses in the read case
badgered them although they have
indicated that they do not wish to speak
to him can anybody tell me a time in
which any of these people has ever said
that they don't wish to speak to me
anyone
and since when since
when did it become
law that when a subject of a story that
you're writing doesn't want to answer
your questions that you must stop asking
questions when did that become a law
judge crup I'm badgering them of course
I'm badgering them they Googled how long
to die in cold at 2:27 am they murdered
John
O'Keefe they lied repeatedly they
planted tail light
evidence they misspelled names all over
police reports on
purpose we could go on and on and on
about what they did here yes I'm going
to Badger them about that you know why
I'm gonna do that judge crop because I'm
allowed to the first amendment allows me
to and I'm sorry that I offended you
because that's ultimately what this
comes down to is Judge corruptus doesn't
like me so I came into his court room he
didn't like the jib of my sale and he
looks at me and is just like you know
what [ __ ] the First Amendment with this
guy doesn't doesn't apply anymore
doesn't apply anymore but luckily
luckily judge crup is not the final uh
person in charge here um can we pin the
tur Turtle chat to the top can we not do
that hold on maybe I can hold on let me
see if I can switch accounts actually I
think I
can there it is
pin message there we go now it's pined
to the top okay cool we got it anyway so
that's I mean just they don't wish to
speak to him and and H and how about
this
one he pressured
them to change their
testimony name one witness I pressured
who I literally pressured the witness
themselves to change their testimony
have I ever pressured what I've urged I
believe on on camera I urg Julie Nagel
to tell the
truth but if Julie Nagel's already
telling the truth right isn't that the
assumption that Julie Nagel's already
telling the truth so if I'm urging Julie
Nagel to tell the truth and she already
is then I'm not asking her to change her
testimony am I I'm just keep doing what
you're doing that's what I that's that
if you're telling the truth isn't that
what it is that the person is keep on
doing what they're
doing
yeah I mean well I would hope that none
of them are lying are they I would
certainly is that the common is that the
judge's assertion here is the judge
asserting that these individuals are
lying
because if I'm urging them to change
their
testimony and their and and I want them
to say the truth by default that would
mean they're lying correct interesting
guess he didn't really think that one
through um journalist and how about this
um journalists generally adhere to the
codes of Ethics that constrain their
behavior see codes of
Ethics okay ethical journalism treats
subjects and members of the public as
human beings deserving of respect
what what did I miss so every journalist
on TV treat the people that they're
going after with respect are you kidding
me is that a joke do you not watch
TV do you not watch Fox
News do you not watch CNN do you think
they treat members of the opposite
political
parties yeah exactly now this judge is
deciding what journalism is because he
Googled ethics some somebody wrote an
Ethics quote I don't even know what the
hell this is spj whatever that
organization is the pursuit of the news
is not a license for arrogance or undo
intrusiveness so you can't be arrogant
as a journal you're not allowed to be
arrogant so says the wise judge crup you
have to be okay the statement of
principles American Society of newspaper
editors so he he that's what he cited
some doedu thing
okay anyway defendant has also been able
to how about this line defendant has
also been able to increase his following
substantially based on monthly page
views with this confrontational live and
inflammatory blog about the read
case so what why is that relevant at all
why is he even mentioned that he's been
able to
increase his following
substantially okay I've also increased
my following substantially when covering
ing other major media stories like the
Michael chestna murder in the summer of
2018 I had a dramatic view in page views
that month when that happened I had a
dramatic bump in page views during the
summer of 2020 because there were
Nationwide riots going on and people
wanted to talk about them and then there
were LOLs that's how the news Cycle
Works this happens to be a major news
story because it's quite obvious to
everyone that a murder is being covered
up here but apparently it is Criminal
now to have more monthly page views and
viewership and by the way how would he
know what my page views are how would he
know what my viewership is compared to
other months what is Judge crup citing
there does he have access to my
dashboard to my analytics is he familiar
with this stuff I know he's really smart
I know he finished at the top of his
class I don't think he went to Yale but
he might have gone to suffk so so he's
wicked smart he's much smarter than me
so apparently he know he could find page
viws analytics to websites that he does
not run and that matters somehow with
his confrontational stories live videos
and inflammatory blog posts so he's
saying here that my traffic has
increased because of confrontational
stories live videos and inflammatory
blog posts actually judge grup the the
biggest by far I've written 210 pieces
of this Saga to my knowledge the only
story you can actually see the page
views right on it the only what do you
guys think is the what number one to 210
in this series which number do you think
got the most page views by far it was
the only one over a 100,000 I believe
and it got almost
500,000 which one do you think
I should Mike you're
right yeah there it is number one it was
one that was the one the big one that
was like the first one I wrote about
this it got over almost 500,000 views
that what was inflammatory about that
that was the by far the biggest one I
did number one nothing else has cracked
100 not even
close but they're saying that my what
he's saying here is that my following
has grown not because of my journalism
or the fact that I'm reporting news that
no one else is reporting it's solely due
to the fact that I am
confrontational I do confrontational
live videos and I do inflammatory blog
posts whatever inflammatory means where
is the inflammatory part of the blog
posts sir and they're also
stories framed as a video uh framed as a
video that has over 100,000 views but
that's YouTube that's a little bit
different than the
blog anyway yeah like number one was
easily the test Chapter you're right and
all honestly the blogs themselves are
the the stories themselves the Articles
themselves not blogs or Stories the
Articles themselves are really not that
inflammatory the live show I will grant
you the live show gets a little bit
little bit heated up in here at times
little bit colorful but the the the
article no okay harassing conduct and
phone calls the criminal complaints
against the defendant in stoen District
Court arise out of the defendant's
actions reaching out to Witnesses and
their families organizing a caravan of
vehicles by the to drive by the homes of
witnesses or family members and posting
veiled threats where are the veiled I I
would like to know that because I don't
I have not threatened anyone and I
certainly have not veiled it like veiled
suggests that it's a hidden
threat I have not threatened anyone I
never have I've actually been explicit
that I'm not threatening I don't you
cannot be any more clear than saying
this is not a threat and I've said it
dozens of
times
um sarcastic and rhetorical questions oh
no not that and other harassing
information in the course of his quote
unquote reporting on the read case I
mean what a slimy little [ __ ] the judges
being here huh oh judge I I apologize
judge crup I didn't mean to call you a
slimy [ __ ] even though you're acting
like one I know we can't use words like
that it's really bad it's a it violates
the first amendment when I when I offer
opinions about the kind of man you are I
apologize sir I'll do better next time
please don't send me to jail for calling
you a slamy
[ __ ]
anyway um these actions are reflected in
reports by the state police detective
Brian liut telli oh the same you mean
the same corrupt Lieutenant that I have
investigated and found strong evidence
that he is signing police reports that
he knew to be
fraudulent and not doing
anything to keep in check his corrupt
underling Michael Proctor that guy okay
so we're gonna trust him okay cool
um submitted in support of the so
District Court complaints and brought
home and borne out by the video clip
apped by the Commonwealth I I describe
only some of the actions by the
defendant set out in his reports the
defendant has posted a number of YouTube
videos in which he issued veiled again
veiled threats to various Witnesses in
the read case or encourages his
followers to take action with respect to
such Witnesses for example after
visiting Witnesses homes in Canton
defendant posted a video online in which
he stated quote it must this is about
Brian Albert ber it must frustrate him
to no end because I know Brian Albert is
watching right now to watch me just
emasculate his family time after time
and there's nothing you can do about it
there's just nothing you can do and I'm
just going to keep doing it I'm just
gonna keep this is not my last trip to
Canton I will be back and the more and
more I think people are getting like a
year or so ago people didn't want to
cooperate with the Karen Reed defense
team because they're like yeah it's
easier to keep keep my head down and you
know whatever and keep a low profile but
now you know now they're like [ __ ] it
you know we've made people realize that
you don't have anything to be afraid of
question for judge
crup what is wrong with that statement
what is wrong like where's the crime so
what did he say what what preceded this
he says
that defendant posted a number of videos
in which he he issued veiled threats or
encourages followers to take action so
where are the veiled threats here I'm
saying that you don't have to be afraid
of Brian
Albert
because we I emasculated his
family so that's bad so that's that's a
that's a threat where is the seriously
where is the threat judge crop where is
the
threat I did emasculate his
family because I exposed them I stood up
to a bully this is is a family of
bullies they murder
people we've seen what Chris Albert has
done how he weaponizes the police force
these are
bullies and I stood up to them I
emasculated
them and I told people you don't have to
be afraid anymore you can comply if
you'd like with Karen Reed's defense
team if you have information because a
lot of people in town are scared a lot
of people in town are scared scared
that's what that was in reference
to they're scared I was simply
reassuring them you don't have to be
scared the big bat wolf is gone and you
apparently it's a crime to say this
now defendant does not appear to
subscribe to journalistic codes oh no
defendant contends that detective Tully
takes some of his statements out of
context to the extent possible I have
tried to confirm the accuracy of the
quotations in this decision by reviewing
the actual video clips supplied by the
Commonwealth are you kidding me so I
contend I contend I mean he actually
wrote that I contend that
the the Commonwealth and the state
police same [ __ ] took my quotes out of
context and so he's like so I confirmed
the accuracy of the
quotations by viewing the clips supplied
by the Commonwealth are you kidding me
are you I mean is this a joke are we
being
punked unbelievable what about Judges
code I mean I journalist code what about
Judges
code Mr
crup in the same post the defendant
States You Haven't Seen the Last of Me
these people think that I'm [ __ ]
around like I'm Mr internet guy like I'm
going to sit here and I'm going to write
blogs all day no no no I live an hour
away I've got Alexus now I'll be there
in an hour no problem get used to it so
question guys I've played this clip many
times before who was I talking about in
episode 598 we've we've all been through
this making LW simple and the glarer
we're somehow able to figure out the
context of this but judge kup who is
wicked smart and makes probably 200
Grand a year
and finished at the top of his Law
class he couldn't do it it was the DPW
I'm talking about the
DPW I go down there and the short the
lady with the boy's regular
haircut is not does not want to do her
job so I said in regards to her you
haven't seen El Last of Me these people
think I'm [ __ ] around like a Mr
internet guy like I'm going to sit here
and I'm going to write blogs all day no
no I live an hour away I've got Alexus
now I'll be there in a problem get used
to yeah that's what I say yeah sorry
born and raised in Worcester that's just
how we talk okay I know we I don't I
didn't grow up in your community judge
crop maybe you grew up in a more proper
Community but I'm a graduate of the
Worcester public schools okay maybe I'm
a little bit rough around the edges this
is just the way we
talk okay and I'm sure there's way a lot
of other people talk that didn't go to
suffk or wherever the [ __ ] you went to
school we're just regular people we just
talk like regular people and that's how
they
talk
anyway I confronted this guy Chris
Albert says in episode 598 a couple
weeks ago this guy has his head on a
swivel everywhere now he's turn around
where are they got bad news for you
Chris got really bad news for you you're
lit they're literally everywhere you
can't like you guys should just stop
going out in public like that would be
my
recommendation and it's only going to
get worse from here it's only going to
get I not direct this person to do this
I can't stop them they're everywhere
again this is an
example of
me encouraging followers to take
action encouraging followers to take
action the example of that
is me saying I did not direct this
person to do this I can't stop them what
they don't like you nobody likes you you
you guys killed someone like you
literally killed someone not you you
didn't do it you just raised someone who
did it and you know your big bro did it
but like and you obviously know this is
and you're helping to cover it up but I
guess you didn't kill anyone so you got
that going for you so good job Chris you
just raised the killer Chris I know
where you guys were today y'all were in
Agawam weren't you I got pictures of you
and myself c phone it says I got people
sending me pictures you guys were at
some sort of little league thing in
Agawam Alberts
mccabes so just like
no there will be no life is normal is
over we've been over this so many times
how this is not this is me literally
responding to a video of a woman named
Deanna who was sexually harassed by
Chris inside the waterfall bar after
taking a picture of him and then
confronted outside in the parking lot
and I saw it on social media and I
commented on it that is me saying if I
were this dude I would not go out in
public because you know you're kind of
well known at this point you're an
elected official and everyone knows
you're a douchebag bag like that's what
I was saying in there if I were him I
would not go
out it like did the judge see the video
he's quoting it I don't know if he saw
the Deanna video but it's like did you
not what I guess it's too much work for
him guess it's too much
work the defendant traveled to Canton
and went to a pizza restaurant it's not
a restaurant it's not a restaurant owned
by Chris Albert if I'm not if I'm not a
journalist then Chris Albert is not a
restaurant owner stop it
later according to De FY on a video
posted on YouTube the defendant
encouraged his followers to order food
from his restaurant and not pay for
it according to I mean this is wild we
put in our motion flat
out I never said that because I never
did and there's no Citation for it
because it never
happened we put that in there and
instead of you know asking to see the
tape he's just like oh he does doesn't
need to see the tape why because
according to detective Tully the corrupt
cop that I've been criticizing we can
trust him we just have to trust
him he says it
happened they can't it's a it's a sure
it's a completely madeup story that they
have no evidence
of but you know krap is a boot licker
he's gonna lick some boots here and and
and that's how it is detective Tully
indicates that the defendant made other
trips to the same restaurant and held
signs and confronted people in and
around the restaurant confronted people
who did I
confront I was invited there by Jim
Farris I went to speak with him he
didn't want to speak with me and then he
tried to run me over with this car with
this
Prius goes on to
say um in April of 2023 the defendant
started writing blog posts about Trooper
Proctor's wife
Elizabeth just that's that's a
standalone statement apparently by the
way the blog about her was written in
May of 20123 not April your
honor and maybe you should tell the
context about what she did seems a
little bit relevant like what am I not
am I not allowed to write about blogs
about Elizabeth Proctor is that against
the law I never wrote any blogs about
Yuri [ __ ]
wife because she didn't call People's
workplaces it's just that
simple in April of 2023 the defendant
posted on Twitter a statement alleging
that Colin Albert is responsible for
O'Keefe's murder and that Colin had a
fist fight at 34 Fairview
Road okay and since then the defendant
has offered a number of other posts
about Colin his alleged propensity for
violence and personal information
including where Colin will be attending
college uh first of all
Colin it was already out there he did
have a propensity like
what according to tally in a video
posted on May 9th the defendant
displayed Elizabeth Proctor's cell phone
number and indicated that both Trooper
Proctor and his wife are low lives
bullies who terrorized people for years
and deserve to lose their jobs over this
okay first of all even if they were
completely innocent that would be
protected
speech but Elizabeth Proctor is not she
called people's workplaces and tried to
have them
fired defendants publicized the identity
of her
employer which had no involvement in the
read case oh you know who else had no
involvement in the read case the
employers of the people who she called
up and demanded that they be fired
yeah identified her position with that
company also known as has looked at her
LinkedIn profile and posted the main
telephone number for the company the
defendant encouraged his followers to
leave a review on the company's open
Facebook page and Twitter account also
known as free speech also known as that
I don't know if you guys notice that
know that but you're allowed to leave
bad reviews on on other companies
websites you're you're allowed to do
that if it's a fraudulent review they
can sue you for it if they want to if
they really want to but what it's not is
witness
intimidation the next
day the defendant posted alive let's see
in the July 23 post he contained a video
of Chris Albert being confronted by one
of the defendants
followers
yes def well I would say he confronted
her defendant bragged about how Turtle
writers were sending him pictures
wherever Witnesses were out in public
including on vacation he warned
Witnesses you can't leave the [ __ ]
country with like turtle Riders we're
we're going to find you they're going to
find you your private life is officially
over
so you need to get used to your new
normal this is your new normal Tully
describes the defendant as saying on the
same post I was so proud to see Turtle
Riders unafraid confronting evil like
this in the
flesh opinion murderers and those who
cover for them do not deserve to live a
comfortable life while Karen Reed
suffers and fights for the justice for
John
O'Keefe okay and then how about this
since then Colin has been the target of
harassment and intimidation on social
media what the [ __ ] does that mean what
on Earth is harass what harassment has
what social media account does Colin
Albert even have I didn't even know he
had social media in what way has Colin
been the target of harassment on social
media if he doesn't have a social media
account the only people I've seen on
social media uh are the people who are
in that McCabe Albert and O'Keefe
support group that's
it and he's not one of them
uh so then they read the one where I I I
call her Elizabeth Proctor's work number
it says hi Elizabeth this is Aiden
Carney calling you back from turtleboy I
noticed that your employer took down
their social media Pages within minutes
of the blog I published about your
recent Behavior notice the judge doesn't
ask himself like what recent behavior is
he talking about gee I'd like to learn
more about that so I can have the
complete picture here I just wanted to
see what is it awward were you afraid to
go in just tell me about your day and
why because I that's part of what I
don't understand is that you seem to be
okay with calling other people's
workplaces and interfering with their
ability to make a living for themselves
but when it happens to you it maybe it's
not fun maybe it's not as fun do you
like that that's what I want to know did
you like that because you've been doing
that to a lot of other people and do you
think it's fair when it happened to you
dear do you regret it that's what I want
to that's what I do you regret it and
what's your scumbag husband up to right
now are you going to visit him in prison
do you think they'll allow conjugal
visits give me a call back when you get
this and we can chat some more bye girl
oh does that sound threatening bye
girl does that sound like threatening
like where and there did I try to change
anyone's testimony or threaten anyone
where did I do anything besides ask
questions I am interested if she's going
to divorce him when he goes to jail I am
interested in
that I am like are there conjugal visits
just a question you're allowed to ask
that question in America you're allowed
to ask questions like that believe it or
not in June 26 uh June 6
2023 the fendant traveled to Bill RKA
and confronted the maves at a youth
sporting event the defendant later
posted videos of the interaction online
he stated in a blog post about the
incident that the mes quote do not
deserve to live a normal life and
pretend that they weren't involved in
murdering a Boston police officer what's
wrong with that
statement they did murder a Boston
police officer it's just a fact it's
being covered up and I'm sick of
pretending that it's not that is exactly
what happened just because the corrupt
state police are not Prosecuting him and
the corrupt District Attorney's office
is not Prosecuting him doesn't change
the fact that they're cop killers I'm
not gonna pretend that these are not cop
killers
sorry did Deen also bragged in a YouTube
video that he had gone to Jennifer MC's
kids lacrosse game and made a scene
there and got kicked out because I kept
calling her a cop killer to be clear I
didn't get kicked out okay I didn't get
kicked out I left on my own accord it's
on video but
anyway in June of
2023 uh defendant broadcast a YouTube
video which displayed records from
Jennifer mca's phone from the day ' was
killed public records with names next to
the phone numbers these documents have
been an attachment un an unredacted
defense motion by filed in the read case
defendant called Michael Proctor's work
cell phone which I did not know at the
time was his work cell phone but
whatever it's on a public
document disclosed the number which
you're allowed to do and left the
voicemail which was also broadcast on
the YouTube channel in the broadcast
voicemail the defendant asks Trooper
Proctor describe ask questions of him oh
no describes personal information he
knows about TR Proctor what personal
information did I know about trer
Proctor in the
voicemail like seriously what personal
information I'm curious and since when
is that illegal what I know his name is
that what you're
saying it reiterates that everybody
watching also has your phone number and
then I say his phone number which is in
the court documents and the defendant
then repeats the number which you're
allowed to do around the same time the
defendant calls Julie Albert Chris
Albert's wife harassing her like who is
he to say this is
harassment according to what because
they've tried getting or harassment
prevention orders on me and it's been
ruled not to be
harassment he left her a voicemail
message commenting on her appearance oh
no asking questions about her interview
by the
police and how long she' known trer
Proctor the voicemail is as follows this
is to Julia ber boyy what I really like
to know is if you were in Canton High
School class of 194 1994 how the hell
did Jen mcab win best looking were they
using Dominion voting machines like how
does that happen and how does that hurt
your self-esteem to know that you were
in the same graduating class as Jennifer
mcab and she got best looking like how
does that how do you cope with that do
you need therapy that has to hurt your
feelings right because that would just
devastate me if I lost to horseface so
give me a call back when you get this
and we'll talk soon
bye what so what so what I can't crack
jokes about the fact that je mcab was
best looking in Ken high school that's
hilarious that je M was best looking in
high school it's [ __ ] hilarious you
can't they can't laugh about that so now
we can't make like you're uglier than je
mcabe like you can't say that like this
is again this is a felony this is what
judge judge corrup thinks that's not
protected speech we'll see how that goes
with a real
judge on June of 2023 he called Chris
Albert's phone when there was no answer
he left the voicemail calling him
chicken P Charlie and identifying
himself as award-winning journalist
Aiden Carney after asking questions
about how long his family had known trer
Proctor the defendant ends the voicemail
with the following so did you guys have
amnesia that day on February 10th 2022
that you needed to be formally
introduced do you need to be introduced
to the people that you have known for a
long time do you live perpetually in
Groundhog Day I know this was right
around Groundhog Day when this happened
so maybe it just kept replaying and you
got to do it over and over again the
next day I don't know I'd like to learn
more about this so if you get back to me
that'd be great and I'll take two
blackened chicken parms extra mozzarella
and we'll see you soon all
right
what
so let me get this straight so are they
saying that that's the order that I
didn't pick up is this is because I'm
asking a serious question here is the
Commonwealth's assertion that I made
calls and ordered food that I didn't
intend on picking up the fact that I
left a voicemail in which I said that
I'll take two blackened chicken PES
extra
mozzarella so is is because it appears
to be this is what they're saying that
they considered that an order does DN
Pizza often take orders on Chris
Albert's personal voicemail is that
right this is this is a serious this is
a [ __ ] F I mean what a [ __ ] joke
judge crop is a [ __ ]
joke oh we're fired up let's go let's
go anyway um within the next 12 hours
Proctor received messages oh no phone
calls and voicemails related to his
involvement in the read case oh no not
phone calls with some of them urging him
to be
terminated oh my God that's so bad oh
except I get [ __ ] [ __ ] like that
every day do I get to charge witness
intimidation because I'm a witness in a
couple
cases on June 26 the defendant went to
the mccabes home in Canton and
videotaped the resident including
videotaping into the home through an
open front
door okay he also published photographs
of one or more of the mccabes children
photographs of the Maes on
vacation again the McCabe's
children so it was in a [ __ ] Court
Document tell what it's related to it's
related to the fact that they claim that
those aren't her
kids in a video of a sign on the Laine
of her Sisters in Canton in the later
video the defendant States
so this is about Denise Galvin who and
in response to her going down to CF
McCarthy's and threatening and sexually
harassing some 2020 reporters and uh
Allan Jackson and Eliza
little I said the
following you were better off staying
out of this this sign that got to me
this sign sign [ __ ] disgusts me you
worthless piles of [ __ ] killed johon
O'Keefe and you have the balls to put
these [ __ ] signs in your yard you
have the balls why because we're
fighting for an innocent woman's life
you killed Jon O'Keefe you worthless
piles of [ __ ] and I'm gonna find you
[ __ ] I'm gonna find you just
know that you want to [ __ ] dance we
can [ __ ]
dance what is wrong with
dancing by the way Kevin Readington
asked me if I wanted to dance remember
that is Kevin Readington guilty of
witness intimidation because he asked me
if he wanted to dance yes I didn't know
who you were before this I thought you
were Jen McCabe's lesbian sister or some
[ __ ] I know I didn't know [ __ ] about you
now we know all about your son Tommy and
Tommy's the lacrosse coach I believe at
Canton High School yeah whoa we can we
can we could talk about Tommy too we
could pay Tommy a visit too we're going
to go you're G to get the whole [ __ ]
deal now all of it Alan mcab she can get
it too
they can all get it we have left the we
have left the second generation out of
it for a bit that's over what is wrong
with any of that where is the Veiled
Threat you can get it get what questions
aggressive
questioning public shaming yeah I have a
right to public shame people I'm gonna
keep doing it if judge krup wants to put
me in jail for that he can do it he can
do it I can put a picture of him up on
my [ __ ] site I can eviscerate him on
my website if I want and talk about his
wife and talk about his kids I can do
whatever the [ __ ] I want to do because
the first amendment allows me to and if
you want to jail me for that then
[ __ ] jail me for that let's
go I will not bow to
Tyrant I will
not and you know I'm perfect hon like so
somebody I really care about yesterday
was like what can you can you stop
talking about them until this is you
know
over no I can't because it's not worth
it you might go to jail you have kids
yeah okay John Adams had kids Martin
Luther King had kids did they like you
know sorry guys can't go across the
bridge in Selma I got kids only people
with no kids can do this [ __ ]
what yeah I do have kids and I want to
make a better world for them where
people are free and they can say what
they want without getting locked up and
that doesn't that doesn't happen if we
acquest to
this Jesus could have saved himself by
just being like you know what guys pych
not really King of the Jews I was
[ __ ] with you didn't really mean it
it was all just a magic trick I'm not
really you know God Son of God [ __ ]
with you April
fools he could have but he didn't now
I'm Not Jesus because Jesus didn't have
kids right but the point is the same
we're kind in the same vein just saying
anyway uh people are going to be pissed
about that I could tell anyway uh
whenever you mention Jesus they get all
fired up uh July 8th 2023 defendant
broadcast a YouTube live video during
which he called Colin Albert cell phone
and broadcast his phone number and calls
Colin Albert the [ __ ] oh no when the
call went to voicemail he let the
following message yo Colin it's turtle
boy from them Advantage boys we've
played this whole thing we don't even
need to go over that again after leaving
this message he spoke to his followers
on the same video and reminded them that
he heard heard Colin Albert's telephone
number and that they could replay the
video to get his phone number so
what so what my phone number is in the
charging documents oh no not phone
numbers yeah oh no we can't have phone
numbers out there that's against the law
to publish a phone number except when
they do it to me then it's legal right
okay
anyway let me read some more why don't
we let me read a couple Turtle chats
real quick so I don't forget some of
these because I know we got some coming
in I don't want to miss them I want to
read some of these uh one we got for
Sharon sends 25 bucks she says sending a
hug and you know what Sharon I
appreciate that could use a hug today
you know losing I'm not going to lie I'm
human being
too this is not you know I have a tough
exterior I get it but this did like all
this [ __ ] in the morning with like
[ __ ] paranoia like I really am
paranoid about I was like really
paranoid yesterday like I did not want
to go to jail I was not I did not the
whole time I'm thinking am I gonna miss
Christmas is this my n like did they
[ __ ] around and decide I violated the
order something I said they'll make up
anything I don't want to go to jail for
90 days I don't want to spend Christmas
in the can
that sounds
horrible it's like and it does when you
lose something like when you when you
get this today and you see you you
really you read this and you're like oh
wow the judges are [ __ ] idiots
they're absolute morons he obviously
doesn't understand how the First
Amendment works and you're like holy
[ __ ] this is going to be an uphill
battle man and I'm not gonna lie
mentally today it was not a good day be
perfectly honest with you not a good day
and I'm just like it was a downer like I
was a downer my kids noticed that my
demeanor was different and it's just
like man it sucks dude I mean I'll
rebound but like in my line of work man
it's stressful go read my book about all
the [ __ ] I've overcome doing this like
the de the constant
deplatforming the threats I had to go to
the Holden police today and and and file
a report for threats that I've gotten
you want to read the I got more threats
today right let me read these threats we
know the the text messages I got
yesterday right I I mean my phone number
is out there they they do this to me and
that's
okay that's okay but when I get this one
where'd it
go this is some messages I received
today I really loved getting a rise out
of you yesterday haha no like seriously
it was so much fun to see you watching
over your shoulders as you have been
every day since your arrest in that live
you were so distraught worried and
scared that's for you to see what I felt
when you tried to gang up on me with
your old [ __ ] followers it's great
to see you in my shoes and
yes uh and yes that taex yesterday
wasn't real it was just to mess with
your head like you messed with mines for
a long
time now as for you keep watching your
back literally you never know when
they're raiding your house again in
front of your kids next time they might
shoot you Turtle Riders can do nothing
about that so that's what I get today
but you know but Michael Proctor got a
phone call guys telling him he should be
fired so he's a [ __ ] victim here they
literally published my phone number on
these charging documents and then I got
these messages because the Commonwealth
put my [ __ ] phone number out there
and I'm getting these and if I change my
goddamn phone number then I lose all my
contact it's a huge [ __ ] thing but
you know Michael Proctor's a victim but
Colin Albert's a victim me though I get
[ __ ] like this on the daily do I [ __ ]
complain about it no because it's just
part of my [ __ ] job it comes with the
territory it's okay when it happen
because I don't go to the police with
it because what are they gonna
do for the record my lawyer did
recommend I go to police just to
document it all knowing they ain't gonna
do [ __ ] because the holding police can't
do anything what what are they going to
do
they don't have a machine that can this
a [ __ ] fake number you know what are
they going to do about it they've been
down this road before and they're just
not equipped to do it it's not their
fault they just don't they can't do it
It's a Small Town Police Department so
what are they gonna do but like God you
know Michael Proctor gets a
call every you know clear your schedule
we need to find we need to put someone
in jail over that so I do appreciate
that because uh you know it has been a
rough day man this like I'm fighting
this [ __ ] but man this is it's it's a
lot man it's a lot mentally dealing with
this [ __ ] not going to lie I had some
moments today it was not like I'm just
like telling you but anyway uh it's just
frustrating you know it is frustrating I
know in the end that we will battle
through this and win because I'm a
fighter but you know mentally dude it's
like this [ __ ] does a number on you
man like there's been times where I just
want to stop not GNA lie well I am just
like and I know you guys would be cool
with that I know if you like if I took a
break for like a week I don't think
anyone would complain a couple [ __ ]
would but I don't think anyone out there
would complain if I did that took like a
mental health break for a week or so
right um but you
know it's just when I see [ __ ] like this
I just hate giving up I just [ __ ]
hate it you know but that's how Trump
feels but you know if I had Trump's
money they'd be different you know so I
do appreciate the donos because fighting
this is going to be expensive man you
see what we're up against here you see
what we're up against when you donate
this is what you're donating to to fight
this [ __ ] this
corruption MC fever and Carla that sends
75 bucks and says we got your back
Turtle don't be mediocre don't be rude
and don't be a loser Tick Tick boom
Colin was in the house yes he was Colin
was in the house Mike from thank you for
the Dona Mike from Norwell said since 25
and says keep it going we're all with
you I love Rita we all love Rita Rita's
a goddamn American Icon at this point
and uh I am having her on the show on
Saturday so there's that so I'm looking
forward to Haven read on [ __ ] legend
that woman isn't she goddamn Legend uh
next up Chris sends 50 bucks and says
this is the first amendment not any
other he's all caps first that should
mean something every American without
protection for the first our freedoms in
our country are lost this should
frighten every American even fake news
reporters and hack judges stay the
course turtle boy will do appreciate
that Chris thank you it's a first for a
reason Scott sends 26 bucks says judge
corrupt allows you to
court 100 foot distance okay but do you
have to remain walking on eggshells and
you're reporting in videos I feel like
it I feel like if I say the wrong thing
and they're going to try to twist it you
saw the text message today between
crusty panties and Chris Albert did you
guys see this
text it was included in a blog earlier
today if you didn't see this check this
out and like this is like like this is
what these people do
all
day where it go what's today
the just it yeah check this
out so this is a text Exchange between
two dead beats one of whom lost two kids
to the state and is currently was just
uh PL uh took admitted guilt in court
last week and took a continuance without
a finding for violating a harassment
prevention order since then she has been
charged and two other instances with
violating a harassment prevention order
one in
Boston at her own hearing through a
third party this is going to be a
surprise so
Brian richio who is uh crusty pany's
friend that she brought with her to
court apparently was harassing the
victim who she was there in court and
and was pleading guilty to violating
harassment prevention were against she
brings a third party to court with her
who harassed the victim at court and
then on social media afterwards he he
doesn't know this yet he's not getting
charged she is for third party and also
so good job good choice of friends also
the stoen district court one so now
she's gonna have three jar there's a
significant chance she's going to jail I
don't not for very long but she will
spend more time in jail than I ever will
and that's just a fact so she is the
prime source for the defense I mean not
defense the Commonwealth and her clips
that were used in the charging documents
against me from her YouTube channel
there of My Greatest Hits and and this
is a exchange between her and Chris
Albert and they probably do this every
day uh this is what Chris Albert says I
don't know the whole context here but
he's saying yep I sent the video to
Tully he said coming to DN he said he's
coming to DN to take a report tomorrow
good he needs to be violated so I'm he
and she wants me violated on the order
this is all they set out to do is just
violate me on stay away orders
because they wake up every day and think
about me at least Chris Albert has
reason to think about me I don't know
what this other individual does but he
says yep I sent videos to Tully he said
he's coming to d& to take a report so
this is what this guy does he just sits
there all day and calls up his personal
friend Briant T and it's like people are
being mean to me people are harassing me
turtle boy did this can you arrest him
and put him in
jail and then he texts her at
11:51 and says great to see you tonight
thanks for everything
thing then he she says let me know when
the cops charge Steve Cody please
because I guess Steve is one of the
people that went to De Pizza on his own
and filmed himself outside
there and apparently he's being charged
and look what he says about Carol Kelly
Karen Carol Kelly is on Section Eight on
Maple he lives on Maple too um imagine
judging someone else I don't give a [ __ ]
if she is doesn't matter but imagine
judging someone else for being on
Section Eight when your name is Chris
Albert and you don't pay your bills
seriously seriously so this is what
these people do all day they just sit
there and try to you know violate me on
this [ __ ] whatever but
anyway so uh do we have any other Turtle
chats here couple more from Kevin sends
10 bucks says you should charge the
Commonwealth with witness intimidation
for your arrest you are an arrest you
submitted an affidavit believe me
believe me we got a lawsuit coming when
this is all said and done trust and
believe Jersey sends five bucks says got
my daddy's ready to [ __ ] t-shirt today
ohe the looks I got I told them to
Google free turtle boy love you Daddy
keep up the amazing job love and hugs
from South Carolina thank you Jersey
that's very nice of you um cash apps
here couple of these we got one from
Sonia Brown sends five bucks says keep
your hat up we love we all love what
you're doing thank you very much son I
appreciate that Deanna sends 20 bucks
and said say you have a lot of people in
your corner and stay strong and I
appreciate that and that really helps a
lot to be reminded of that because when
you get orders like this you're just
like you realize that like you're like
[ __ ] you know like the most powerful
people are against me but then you
realize you have an army of people
behind you so that's makes you know
definitely makes you feel better Jamie
sends 20 bucks and says daddy you're
sexy as [ __ ] in all Norfolk County
Jay okay well thank you very much Jamie
it's very nice of you um Sharon sends 25
bucks and says truth every day fire
emojis thank you Sharon uh Melissa sends
20 bucks and says keep fighting onk
those dirty bastards thank you very much
Jay sends 10 bucks and says I I live
free live I like free live free turtle
boy thank you very much Jay it's very
kind to you uh if anyone else wants to
donate the turtle chat is pinned to the
top of the comments or you can cash at
me a dollar sign Uncle turtle boy all
right back to this and yes that's what
it would be malicious
prosecution all right so back to
this Carrie you were that's true you
were first Carrie I gotta be honest all
right uh the defendant organizes driveby
of homes the defendant organized a
rolling rally to bring followers to the
homes of witnesses and Lead investigator
in the read
case at about noon the defendant met a
number of other vehicles at as Shaw in
Norwood he live streamed the Caravan he
bragged about being able to locate the
witnesses wherever they travel the
second location was to the Proctors who
were not home he stayed at that location
for seven minutes during that time he
used a megaphone and stated that Proctor
had framed Reed and personal information
about his family well in front of the
Proctor's homes members of the protest
which was organized and forment by the
defendant walked on the Proctor's lawn
and spit on his driveway according to
detective tul this is really what we're
doing because I watch the same video I
didn't see anyone walking on the lawn
and I especially didn't see anyone
spitting on the driveway and even if
they [ __ ] did who cares it's a
goddamn driveway it's made of asphalt
it'll be
okay Jesus you can't spit on a
driveway
okay going
on video clips that the Commonwealth and
defendants submitted
show of crowd of people on the street
not in the driveway on the street the
Third location was the mcab home in
Canton where they live with their four
children he spent eight minutes in front
of their home on his video said that je
mcabe is going to jail participated in
Murder manufactured evidence and lied to
investigators he took a bullhorn so that
he could be heard by the MC's neighbor
stating I just want all J's neighbors to
know in case they don't already know
that the people that live here are cop
killers they are cop killers folks they
are cop killers that live here the maves
are going to try to live like nothing
happened but we're not going to let them
do that because you do not get to kill
police officers and fathers and get away
with it what the [ __ ] is wrong with that
oh I'm sorry judge crop do
you do you think that cop killers should
just walk around free is that what you
think is that your position judge grup
or is it your position that you should
not be a you should not be allowed to
say that out loud have an opinion like
that and vocalize it or or can you have
an opinion like that and as long as your
YouTube channel has less than a thousand
subscribers then it doesn't really
matter because no one's paying attention
is that is that the is that out the
First Amendment
works the rolling rally went by Juliana
Nagel's house Miss Nagel was home she
lives in the home with her parents and
two siblings the defendant stopped at
her home for 10 minutes at that location
he announced that Miss Nagel lives there
and encouraged her to come out and tell
the truth he sought to have her
neighbors pressure her detective Tully
quotes the defendant is saying quote you
might as well tell the truth oh no not
tell the truth what is wrong with
that if Julie Nagel is already telling
the truth then I'm not trying to change
your testimony am
I unless are they suggesting she's
lying neighbors maybe you can help us
pressure them into this into telling the
truth what's wrong with the
truth Julie Nagel was involved was at
the murder of a Boston police officer
she knows what happened and is actively
involved in the coverup she should not
be able to walk around like none of this
happened while an innocent woman named
Karen Reed suffers the consequences of
her silence and her
complicity on the way out he says that
was a good one because they were home
okay other conduct now they talk about
the the database with the dispatcher
from Avon he knew or should have known
that it was illegal to obtain or have
her obtain such
information I should have known that
Pentagon Papers
[ __ ] if a journalist gets sent
information from a source that they
choose to give you it is not my [ __ ]
job to pretend I didn't get that
information and what reason do we have
for getting that
information all right not to harass or
intimidate anyone but to prove that it
was in fact Jennifer McCabe's car parked
at the Proctor's house despite the fact
that an open court a week or so
before it was stated that they don't
know each other and by the way as a
direct result of that award-winning
journalism they had to admit that they
did in fact know each other so there is
that he tweeted a photograph and a
message depicting the vehicles parked
there
including information about the vehicle
registrations that he improperly
obtained the defendant broadcast a live
YouTube video on September 24th talking
about interaction he with Colin Albert's
Aunt he stated I'm trying to put her
like godson nephew in jail and you know
like kind of destroy their life except
they forgot to mention one thing here
first of all I have a right to try to
destroy your life they're trying to
destroy my life they're trying to
destroy Karen Reed's life what does that
you're allowed to try to destroy
someone's life you are it's just a fact
what does that mean destroy their life
send you to jail I'm not trying to kill
you I'm not trying to kill anyone I'm
trying to send people to jail that
committed a
crime okay and what's the context of
that I was pointing out the undeniable
fact that we took a poll and like 90% of
turtle Riders
agree that Jill Daniels wants to bone me
and I was weirded out by that like Jill
Daniels wants to bone me first of all ew
ew like I said she looks like a a
leftover couch left out in the rain at
Austin Christmas that's what her face
looks like no
joke and oh my God it I mean it looks
like got more like if I took my Dockers
and crumpled them up into a
ball and soaked them in water and then
left them in the corner of my room for a
year they would have less wrinkles than
her face it's just a
fact and I was just like okay it's kind
of weird that this woman clearly has a
crush on me and I'm trying to destroy
her family's life it's weird it's weird
I wouldn't want to Bone somebody that
did that but Leatherface you know she
not she doesn't care about that she's
like whatever come hate [ __ ] like okay
sorry my
bad
gez
anyway um the defendant stated that you
Chris Albert don't have the right to
live peacefully dude it's not a thing
unquote you don't nobody has the right
to live a peaceful life I mean just ask
anybody who's famous ask how peaceful
their life
is
okay so he was charged with this all the
these
things on he was to have no
contact blah blah blah blah blah the
defendant now appeals the staya away
contact
order defendant argues that all of his
actions and statements were done as
indisputable journalism and that the
District Court's order will have a
pronounced chilling effect on his
ability to continue to cover the story
it would and will constitute a prior
restraint on his speech he also argues
that he has had the stay away no contact
order is vague and gives these eight
individuals veto power over his
reporting by allowing them to Simply
show up at any venue like they did last
night and flush him out evicting him at
will under risk of injury of 90 days
incarceration so
discussion The District Court had
statutory authority to issue the no
contact
order okay so we know
that the parties agreed that the
superior ior court has the power to
review
it okay we know
that rather than
challenge The District Court's legal
authority to issue the staya away no
contuct
order the defendant challenges the
factual
basis detective Tully reports which
provide excerpts from recordings later
submitted to this court in a thumb drive
demonstrate more sufficient evidence to
support the criminal complaints so is
Cherry Picked out of cont text
quotes that's all he needed to
say Massachusetts law makes it a crime
to threaten physical or emotional or
economic
injury or to harass a witness on or a
witness's family in Reckless D disregard
of the fact that they may interfere with
the criminal case and there is the
problem emotional or economic injury
that is unconstitutional so we are going
to be challenging the statute itself
guys we are going to be creating case
law in this because that is
unconstitutional you can't have a law
that says that you you can't cause
emotional or economic injury to a
witness because Witnesses are not
special people especially like Elizabeth
Proctor was a witness to nothing but she
qualifies because she's family of a
witness this law is
unconstitutional who is an emotionally
we cause emotional injury every day to
each other I was a victim of emotional
injury
today like who is in a victim of
emotional injury or economic injury what
does that
mean our law has bars retaliation
against a witness for participating in a
criminal
proceeding the relevant position
states okay we've already read that uh
13B for purposes of this statue the term
harass is defined as any act directed at
a specific person or group of persons
that seriously alarms or annoys such
person or group of persons that would
cause a reasonable person or group of
persons to suffer substantial emotional
distress that is so vague so vague for a
defendant a violation is punishable up
to 20 years in prison or two and a half
years in the C
correction the proceeding in which the
misconduct is directed at
okay um detective Tully's reports
demonstrated concerted effort and
repeated pattern of conduct designed by
the defendant to cause or threaten
economic or emotional injury to
Witnesses or family members of witnesses
and to harass those witnesses to get
them to change their testimony really
really in what name one time that I
tried to get anyone to change their
testimony judge
CR harass those
Witnesses no the defendant's actions in
soliciting his followers to contact
Elizabeth Proctor's
employer okay
okay so it's okay when she does it but
now when other people do it to her and I
said if you want to contact her you can
their employer you can because you can
in a free
country unless your name is Elizabeth
Proctor to order food from Chris
Albert's Restaurant not pick it up which
never happened and to contact the
college Colin Albert attended or planed
to
attend did I do that did I tell people
to contact Bridgewater State I don't
remember doing
that and even if I did so what he quite
clearly was involved in murdering joh oi
they have the right to know about that
it puts all their other students in
Jeopardy defendant's efforts to persuade
neighbors of the mccabes and Julie Nagel
to prece the W to pressure the witnesses
to change their testimony how did I tell
the mccabes neighbors to change their t
testimony like go up here what did I say
to them quote I just want all Jen MC's
neighbors to know in case they don't
already know that the people live here
are cop killers they're cop killers that
live here they're going to live here
like nothing happened but we're not
going to let them do that you don't get
to kill cops and fathers and get away
with it so in what way judge
crup in what way please explain to me
that I try to get them to change their
testimony that I try to get the
neighbors to pressure them to change
their testimony oh right it didn't
happen you're just making that up you're
just making it up they were certainly
designed to harass those Witnesses even
though they weren't home the maves were
not home they were at the
beach the numerous calls contacts
voicemails and the like reflect a by the
way one call each reflect a systematic
pattern of harassment designed to
intimidate the witnesses in the recase
how how is it
intimidating if the underlying criminal
proceeding did not involve a life felony
defendant would be facing a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison this is
insane okay so O'Brien versus barowski
is the case that said that only true
threats and threats of bodily harm count
as
harassment so we citing barowski the
defendant argues that the witness
intimidation statute should not apply
because he engaged in protected speech
O'Brien does not go nearly so far oh the
First Amendment does not authorize
journalists to commit crimes so why is
he saying this this is the craziest page
of this does not allow the journalist to
commit crimes have I been convicted of
committing a crime your honor that's the
whole point here we're arguing I didn't
commit a
crime what's he talking
about in O'Brien the court considered a
petition for relief from a staya away
order under a civil anti-harassment
statute the Court held that the
definition harassment in that statute
excludes constitutionally protected
speech and that the phrase intent to
cause fear in the definition of
harassment is limited to fear of
physical harm or physical damage to
property assuming without deciding that
the same limits apply to the witness
intimidation statute O'Brien still does
not Aid the defendant's argument how
so the defense the charges do not stem
from his speech alone what else do they
stem from but also his conduct what
conduct so what he just said
there is yeah sure O'Brien versus
barowski says that uh it can only you
know harassment only
applies when it's fear of physical harm
or physical damage to
property but in this case you didn't
just say that you had conduct what was
the conduct what is that conduct so not
just speech conduct did I hit someone
that I break something what is the
conduct moreover he doesn't say moreover
speech such as I'm G to find you you
want to [ __ ] dance
what's wrong with
that what what is wrong with that and
we'll [ __ ] all you dogs up a [ __ ]
joke a mockery an imitation and
defendant speech designed to exhort his
followers to engage in threatening or
harassing conduct never happened are
true threats that are not protected by
the First
Amendment never
happened defendant supplies No Authority
for his AR argument that the witness
intimidation statute does not
apply to
journalists and then the footnote nor
can this type of speech and conduct
fairly be considered
journalism in many of these
examples the defendant was not reporting
anything except for his own actions take
for example the action of publicizing a
witness's cell phone number and then
broadcasting the sarcastic berading ma
oh so heits they're sarcastic berading
messages that defendant left on the
witness's voicemail such a broadcast
accomplishes only two things it induces
defendants followers to call the
cellular number of the harass the
witness as some of the witnesses
experienced and it entertains the
defendant's audience with the defendants
audacity and confrontational
style
what or it just provides
entertainment and people are entertained
by it what the [ __ ] is wrong with that
defendant created theater oh no not
theater and an abusive theater oh it's
an abusive theater guys at the expense
of the witnesses and Lead investigator
and others it was an I mean unfuck is
this a joke this is insane
insane his cell phone numberers on a
public document
exactly how dare you be entertaining
exactly cat can you believe that how
dare I the defendants also charged for
having picketed or paraded near
Witnesses homes with the intent of
influencing the
witnesses according to the report he
organized the rolling rally to go to the
residents's homes during the rally which
involved the care ofan of
vehicles defendant used a bullhorn okay
we've been over this that they are cop
killers and pressure them to get to the
truth such actions demonstrate an intent
to influence and pressure the witnesses
to alter the testimony about the read
case so is the judge saying that they're
lying right now if I urge someone to
tell the truth and the judge is saying
that I'm I'm trying to alter their
testimony then wouldn't that imply that
they're lying is he calling them
Liars does or or does he just support
that given the existence of probable
cause to believe the defendant committed
at least some of the offenses the court
had the authority to impose a staya away
order constitutional guarantees law news
Gathering and news
reporting is protected
okay the Constitution guarantees Free
Speech blah blah blah but do not protect
advocacy that is directed to inciting or
producing imminent Lawless action and is
likely to incite or produce such action
so what what Lawless action did my
speech
produce nothing journalist actions are
are also circumscribed by the criminal
law at least to the extent the
applicable criminal statutes like those
at issues in this case are not solely
directed at the free flow of
information um in addition courts have
an obligation to protect the Integrity
of the judicial process and may take
such steps by rule and regulation that
will protect process from prejudicial
outside
interferences nobody's doing
that
um for instance on several occasions
this court has approved restriction on
the communications of trial participants
were necessary to ensure a fair trial
for a criminal
defendant in the Contex of a case a
court often finds it necessary to
restrict the free expression of
participants including Council Witnesses
and jurors so basically we can because
you're a defendant we can limit your
rights okay
notwithstanding defendants unusual
tactics and inflammatory rhetoric I
assume for purposes of the decision that
the defendant is a member of the press
who among other things is covering a
pending murder
case he claims he is a member of the
press it is a violation of his rights to
require him to stay away and have no
contact Witnesses journalism generally
involves eliciting information from
sources who may be Witnesses in a case
not attempting to have witnesses change
their
testimony or inciting others to do the
same I didn't do that the defendant has
no license in the name of Journalism to
intimidate or harass Witnesses and
jeopardize the Integrity of the judicial
proceedings I've done no such
thing notwithstanding the fundamental
importance of news Gathering reporting
the First Amendment does not supersede
the proper administration of justice and
the Court's obligation to ensure a fair
trial the right to a fair trial yeah car
re would like a fair trial is just as
important to the functioning of the
Democracy as the First Amendment
due process defendants argues that the
witness intimidation and anti-p
picketing statutes are
vague when they are applied to him as a
journalist a basic tenant of due process
requires that a criminal statute be
sufficiently
clear defendant asserts that the stay
away no contact ORD should be
stricken because the statutes did not
put him on Fair notice that his conduct
which he describes as normal
journalistic tactics were Criminal I was
not persuaded by this argument the words
of the statute are commonly accepted and
understood and the term harass is offici
is sufficiently defined no it's not to
put an individual on notice well that
the way it's defined is unconstitutional
but okay the dir of cases charging
journalists with such crimes does not
compel a conclusion that the statute is
vague particularly where defendant
tactics as previously
described cannot be CL classified as
typical behavior for a journalist
okay there is evidence here the
defendant statements and actions May
intimidate Witnesses like Co where was
the evidence of that who who is the
witness who's like you know what I'm
changing my testimony because of this
none okay um in certain respect uh the
general staya away no contacts here are
Justified to protect the Witnesses in
the judicial process
in certain respects the district court
is ambiguous by not including a
distance I will amend the conditions to
require defendant to stay at least a
hundred feet away from any of the
witnesses so that means I can't walk
down Main Street I can't walk down
Washington Street in Canton because
Chris Albert's gonna be less than 100
feet away from me that's what that means
that means I can't go to CF McCarthy's
I'm banned from going to CF
McCarthy's I can't get brunch there
I I think the waterfall might be more
than 100 feet if I go to the Walgreens
parking lot I gotta park at the front
because I can't be within a 100 feet or
else Chris Albert's not
safe that's what they're saying second
the district's order uh pre-trial
conditions does not reflect the
consideration that the
defendant interest in reporting on the
read case and whether there are less
restrictive Alternatives okay here the
defendant has journalistic interest in
reporting on the case which should be
able to accommodated by the court
officers in the controlled environment
of the courthouse in the mind run of
domestic violence cases in which one
party of the case is ordered to stay
specified feet away that doesn't count
in a courtroom Okay cool so basically
the no contact order is
denied except to allow the defendant to
attend proceedings in the read case so
anyway so that's uh you know we want to
appeal it we're going to appeal to like
we'll see we need to appeal it to a core
because we are challenging the statute
and that brings us to the other case let
me just check the donos real quick
couple Turtle chats here got a bang out
50 bucks from Erica is this Erica Madden
Drive in to donate December 14th 11 to
900 am 20% of all sales including gift
card sales will be donated to Karen
Reed's defense fund vendors and wanted
$50 registration fee direct donation to
Karen's fund free picks with Santa hot
chocolate s's mailbox and more man
that's awesome we need I I Honestly by
the way I love that Erica thank you very
much for the donation hopefully you guys
got all that and if you want me to share
a link to that I can do that as well um
but I would love to uh you know and by
the way I forgot about like I should we
need to also amend this I need to go to
special town meeting on the 20th
that needs to be
addressed so uh I just we need to have
more fundraisers for like you know all
this [ __ ] like we got to get this up to
like I'm gonna have to hire experts now
and [ __ ] we might need like we we're
gonna have we might have to bring on
other people I don't know it's gonna
cost shitload of money basically so I
gotta keep maybe having some Live Events
I'll do one every [ __ ] weekend if I
have to I have like a live event
fundraiser somewhere you know we need to
start doing that but anyway appreciate
that very much Erica very generous of
you 10 bucks from L says Aiden stay
strong battles worth fighting are
exhausting but you will be victorious
Rita is a rock star so excited to see
her on your show on Saturday we are
behind you and we love you tury thank
you very much El very kind to you Brian
sends 10 bucks says conduct is protected
speech US versus O'Brien draft card
burning case is that a case okay I'll
look that up yeah conduct either way
what conduct did I have he's like your
speech is not only bad but your
conduct's bad too Jamie sends 25 bucks
says balls of steel you take care thank
you very much Jamie I appreciate that
Brian sent 10 bucks says conduct is
protected speech United States versus
obrien thank you very much um couple
cash apps here do we have any cash apps
Jamie sends five bucks and says all
norfol County judges are corrupt was
left out oh of her last uh post thank
you very much Diane sends five bucks
says [ __ ] them little [ __ ] keep doing
you we love you thank you Diane I
appreciate that and Suzanne sends 15
bucks and says she always has my back
and that's why we love you Susie and we
appreciate that and you've had Turtle
boys back for a while I appreciate it if
anyone else wants to donate the link is
pinned at the top of the chat or you can
dollar sign Uncle turtle boy um let me
get the other complaint here uh that we
we just need to talk about
briefly and while I'm doing I'm going to
go I got to go get a drink of water real
quick because I'm dying hold on let me
play some stuff from the uh
prosecutions star witness any Clips here
I could
play yeah you're G you're gonna look up
my name I get
it okay but I know I know how much comes
up on my name and that that bothers me
to a certain extent just because my
daughter and I were talking about all
this because I'll be I'll be I'll be
straightforward with everybody here um
when I first got this information I went
to my children who are 12 and 15 they're
not little kids or whatever and I said I
have some really incriminating
information on Aiden they obviously know
who he is at this point what should I do
with it and my son said well if it's
going to hurt his family I wouldn't do
it uh because you're going to look Petty
and HP hypocritical and you know it hurt
us a lot and I don't want to do that to
anyone else and I said okay my daughter
who has been much more affected because
Aiden has really focused on her and
she's 15 years old said [ __ ] bury him
all right um and you know ship off field
block she did though yeah and one thing
that she said to me today when we were
discussing this is she goes you know if
I look up Kate Peter's daughter the
first thing that comes up is all this
nasty [ __ ] about me and she's 15 years
old she's 15 years old I would say and
I'm not saying I'm not trying to extort
anyone here I would say that an easy way
to quell my rage and all this would be
if
maybe no never mind never mind I am
going scorched [ __ ] Earth now you do
not [ __ ] with my
children everybody's gonna pay the piper
on this one you should have never [ __ ]
with my
kid and uh that he's mad at Julie if you
ever hear this you better kick and
scream for that mandatory parenting
class or terminate his rights there is
no in between he will [ __ ] those kids
up I've seen it my parents had a divorce
like that not half as bad as what I
think Aiden would be I don't got a
narcissistic father like that they just
got some animosity right that they
couldn't handle he's a straight up toxic
narcissist he will
you hey
mom wait mom what are you doing this is
what's doing you in
love you're
[ __ ] all right so that's the star
witness for the prosecution apparently
they're all getting
their uh information from that's that's
the person who's the moral compass by
the way anyway um so real quick here so
uh the lawsuit filed in federal court by
uh mark randazza on behalf of six of the
nine peaceful protesters who were
outside of d& pizza last week um
basically these nine like we don't need
a million people getting arrested and
they will do that because we can only
raise so much money you know uh for
attorneys so it would be better if
people didn't get arrested you know and
we fight this battle in court because
them basically the argument here is they
had a protest plan for Wednesday that
they had to cancel because they don't
want to get arrested now they have
another protest planned for Saturday I
no is it Satur Sunday they have a
protest planned for
Sunday and let me just read something
here because I wanted to talk to Mark
about
this um and
like I asked him to come on um he wasn't
up for
it and he did say that um you know I did
ask him for comment on this and they
said that they drew a judge by the name
of Judge Casper which he was very happy
about because he says that she works
really hard and gives everyone a fair
shake so he's excited about the judge
that they drew there and
um so I you know I called Mark for
comment on
this uh to come on the show and he said
because it you know it just wasn't the
right time for that uh but we'll get him
on you know one of these days we'll get
him on here about this uh but he didn't
want to comment too much he thinks that
the papers speak for themselves uh and
that he didn't think that the Canton
Police Department uh made a very good
argument in their response to this as to
why the first amendment should be
suspended in Canton for one Pizzeria I
mean that's basically what has happened
here in Canton is that you can have free
speech in Canton just not outside of one
particular Pizzeria because the guy who
works there is you know a witness which
is like a protected class of people so I
did a
Blog about this today
um whatever uh I did a Blog about this
and it's really good so the defendants
Meredith O'Neal Jessica I'm gonna mess
up your last name sedine fine I don't
know de Corby Nick Roco Jenna Roco and
Roberto
Silva there's a couple others
too that were down there and just
holding signs saying like you
know Justice one said like so these
people are suing and this is [ __ ]
awesome and I think the best my favorite
part of this by the way I love how Mark
just roasts these people in the uh
charging documents
he is Colin Albert's father a close
friend of Michael Proctor and has a
checkered past including a jail sentence
in 1994 for killing a man in a hit and
run
accident he intends on offering false
testimony to support the story that
Karen Reed murdered o'keef and that he's
doing so to Shield his brother and his
son from
Justice awesome and so he they're suing
the Ken Police Department the town of
Ken Chief rafy and the four individual
cops who came down
there
um and they basically have he's
basically pointing out how it's
considered witness
intimidation if you even protest this
guy and how this has legitimacy because
an award-winning journalist by the name
of Aiden Carney was also charged with
witness intimidation and arrested and
they don't they have a reasonable fear
of prosecution and arrest as a result of
that and then so they they have a it's
called a chilling effect prior
restraint and yeah however they have a
reasonable fear the Canton Police acting
at the behest of prosecutors in the
Caren re case will violate their first
amendment rights and arrest them they
need this court to act to protect their
rights else they will have no choice but
to can the protests for unlawful
arrest so they these are all the people
that they're suing the venue is
proper um they talk about the Karen Reed
case and the people
involved
okay uh subsequent uh to her arrest
Read's lawyer was given a tip that Brian
Albert and his nephew Colin who had an
acrimonious relationship with O'Keefe
had beaten up O'Keefe that night to the
point of unconsciousness and that Albert
and Higgins Brian Higgins had been at
Brian Albert's house dumped the body on
Albert's front
line um
yeah
so oh Aiden Carney published his first
article about the alleged event on April
18th his reporting brought public
support to read There is widespread
public concern dat line has been filming
Reed for a show and Netflix and others
have approached Carney relative to a
documentary on August 8th residents
voiced their concern at the salakum
meeting Visa the o he quotes Chief raffy
in here and we're going to get to the
quote that comes up in a little bit
here that horrible speech that she gave
like you can't protest it's a it's
witness intimidation if you protest
Jennifer
mccab all right to protest against what
H appears to be perjury plaintiffs and
other members of the public gathered on
Sunday across the street from the pizza
they held inoffensive signs like free
Caren Reed
Injustice the police drove by several
times attempted to intimidate the
protesters now this is the important
part
here the officers acted in furtherance
of the policy announced by defendant
rafy at the August 8 meeting that the
Canton Police Department cannot accept
those engaged in First Amendment
protected activities so they cannot
accept
it all relevant that's why she's getting
sued because she's the one that directed
this when the intimidation tactic proved
unsuccessful they stopped and informed
them that they were not permitted to
protest there now they have argued in
the response to this and by the way the
judge said they wanted a response by
tomorrow morning so they had to get it
in so this judge is the kind of person
that likes to work on holidays so that's
a good sign they take it Ser the fact
that they're forcing can't they're are
taking this seriously
dude federal courts don't [ __ ] around
with
speech um so it goes on to
say they handed oh so they they're
arguing now that in their
response that well they nobody was hurt
because they weren't
arrested no they weren't threatened with
arrest then what were they going down
there for what do you send men with guns
down there for with a piece of paper
saying what you're doing is illegal what
do police usually do when somebody is
knowingly doing something illegal they
arrest them right so what what else were
you doing well it's just optional
no there's obviously an implied threat
there so um Aiden carne's already been
charged that makes it more legitimate
their speech has been chilled okay
um their first amendment rights have
been violated okay content based in
Viewpoint
discriminatory and is in violation of so
again because this is a good point Point
what if they held sign that says [ __ ]
Karen Reed or Chris Albert's a great guy
could they do that of course they could
because only certain speech is allowed
in
Ken and he's a member of the government
so you have a right to petition
them
um they have damage anytime you have
your first amendment rights violated it
is an irreparable
injury plaintiffs have been
injured by the Constitution of
violations that are entitled to
relief and what I like here is he just
calls 13A and 13B the witness
intimidation statutes unconstitutional
and and this is what we need just take
it right to the take it right to the
statute the statute itself is
unconstitutional um it's vague it cannot
ascertain how near is too near
plaintiffs cannot ascertain whether it
prohibits their speech if the intended
recipient is only in the building for a
fleeting moment or if they must actually
be in the building at the time of the
speech the defendant has been purposely
targeting people like the plaintiffs who
speak in favor of Karen
Reed um and so then they quote the
statute 13B is
unconstitutional the over Brad terms
misleads intimidates or harasses can
mean anything the police or prosecutor
May disapprove of exactly that's what's
happening with
me the criminal harassment statute the
statute was determined to be considered
constitutional only because it was
narrowly construed to only Encompass
unprotected speech in obrien versus
barowski it was construed to only apply
to unprotected speech of fighting words
and true threats
exactly in contrast the SJC has not
narrowed
13B to unprotected speech see what I'm
saying like bar when it comes to hpos
it's only certain speech you can't say
fighting words are true threats but W
witness intimidation it doesn't narrow
it down to that and it needs to it's
unconstitutional for
vagueness and it's unclear what speech
would be deemed misleading it may Outlaw
this is the best [ __ ] example I love
this I love this example this is a great
example and I brought this up it may
Outlaw a priest encouraging a pentant to
confess his sin to the police what a
[ __ ] awesome example that is by Mark
like think about
that if Chris Albert goes to his priest
because he's Catholic he's a crucifix in
his
car if he goes to his priest and he
tells him father my I lied to police
about my son's involvement in a murder
the priest is GNA say you know you get
forgiveness if you got you got to come
clean you have to confess your you have
to admit that you lied and come clean
and then God will forgive you that's
what Catholics
believe that's witness
intimidation that is literally under the
statute any Catholic priest who
urges somebody to confess or come clean
or change their testimony to the
truth that priest is now guilty of
witness intimidation according to the
statute father Turtle I mean is that
yeah I'm basically father turtle at this
point added to the
repertoire
okay so they're asking for a declaration
to call this I like I love how he's just
like no we want this all to be cleared
unconstitutional and I love that about
this we want the whole thing to be
declared
unconstitutional and that would
obviously help me I would
think because if it's unconstitutional
then the law doesn't exist anymore and I
can't be charged violating it can I
so anyway guys anybody else have any
other questions any they want to ask or
anything I got a couple Turtle chats I
want to read here 15 bucks from Lisa
says thanks for the freebie here's a
month's fee thank you very much Lisa
it's very kind of you Cynthia sends 25
with no comment thank you Cynthia and
Mike sends 25 and says hang in there
Turtle we got your back and are with you
the whole way thank you very much Mike I
couldn't do without you people I really
couldn't
um
okay any more cash app donations okay I
think we're good okay anyone have any
questions they want to ask before we
call it a night kind of have a little
cold here so it's hurting to talk a
little bit
but I have not had time to check out the
highend brothel um a little busy
fighting my this was filed in federal
court
moley so all right guys I think we're
going to call tonight there we've had a
great audience uh again if you caught
this live and you're not in Turtle Club
you got a freebie I highly recommend you
join Turtle Club you get no ads on the
website and you get access to the extra
stream that nobody else gets if if you
didn't catch this live and you're not in
Turtle Club you won't be able to watch
it because I'm about to put this on
private and only uh turtle club members
will be able to watch it afterwards um
but the can response was basically
nuh-uh we we didn't arrest them so we
didn't violate the law but it's like
what did you send those guys down there
to do then if not to threaten and
intimidate them you're right you didn't
arrest
them but you know you can essentially
protest anywhere in Canton as long as
you're not near Chris Albert who is the
most protected person on the planet he
cannot be the first amendment does not
apply to
him so anyway guys um thank you guys for
joining me thank you for all the support
really appreciate it can't uh thank
can't thank you enough and we will see
you guys all very shortly um hopefully
this weekend with Miss Rita on here
peace to Riders

